Update Coffee Table Groups (#453)
Virtual-Coffee/VC-Community-Docs: coffee-table-groups/coffee-table-groups.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD024 -->
# Coffee Table Groups

> [!IMPORTANT]
> These are the currently scheduled times and information for the events at the point of publication. Please check our [online events page](https://virtualcoffee.io/events) as well as the `#announcements` and `#vc-events` channels on Virtual Coffee's Slack for the latest updates and links to event rooms.

---

## Active Groups

> [!NOTE]
> We're continually accepting volunteer applications for Co-hosts for current Coffee Table Groups and Leads for new Coffee Table Groups.
>
> Please reach out to Meg or Abbey if you have any questions.

### Tech Interview Study Group

#### When:

- Mondays, 4:00–5:00 PM ET

#### Lead & Host:

- Eddie Banner

A weekly discussion of job search and interview-related topics, including mini mock interviews, technical topic discussions, job search tips, occasional guest speakers, and more! We are always looking for ideas to help meet your needs. All stages of career and job search welcome!

Interested? Join the `#tech-interview-study-group` Slack channel!

### Accountabilibuddies

#### When:

> - **The Quad** – Tuesdays, 7:00–9:00 PM ET

Reviewer: **Question**: As a non-native English, I can get "breakfast club" means. But what does "quad" mean?

Author: "Quad" is a prefix meaning four (think quadruple). @radturkin suggested it because he and @david-001 are going with a new format for their Accountabilibuddies session where they're breaking it up into four Pomodoro sessions. I will let them share their thoughts here as well. They may be able to come up with another title.

### Data Structures and Algorithms (DSA) Office Hours

#### When:

- Wednesdays, 4:00-5:00 PM ET

#### Lead & Host:

- Eddie Banner

DSA Office Hours is an opportunity to come and ask questions about anywhere you get stuck on this week’s coding problems, or about this week’s topic. Find this week’s DSA topic and coding problems in `#tech-interview-study-group`. New topic and problems every week!

### Frontend Friday Folks Fighting CSSBattle.dev

#### When:

- Fridays, 11:00 AM – NOON ET

#### Lead:

- Jörn Bernhardt

#### Hosts:

- Jörn Bernhardt
- Micha Rodriguez

On Fridays, we solve a new puzzle at [CSSBattle.dev](https://cssbattle.dev/). We meet in the `#co-working-room` for this Coffee Table Group, and can move our meeting to a breakout room so as not to disturb any co-working VC members. Feel free to join us and learn more about CSS! If you can't make it, be sure to play along on your own and post your answers in [Virtual Coffee's CSS Battles Discussion board](https://github.com/orgs/Virtual-Coffee/discussions/categories/css-battles)!

### Feelings Friday

#### When:

- Fridays, 8:00–9:00 PM ET

#### Lead & Host:

- Ethan Freire

> Feelings Friday was started at the Flatiron School coding boot camp by its founders, Avi Flombaum & Adam Enbar, after they noticed burnout among their first cohorts. Join a supportive group where everyone has the opportunity to share what’s on their mind in a safe environment. It's a great way to unwind at the end of the week!

Reviewer: **suggestion**: I think most of tech bootcamp goes with "bootcamp" rather than "boot camp". But feel free to drop this suggestion if you think "boot camp" is better.

```suggestion
Feelings Friday was started at the Flatiron School coding bootcamp by its founders, Avi Flombaum & Adam Enbar, after they noticed burnout among their first cohorts. Join a supportive group where everyone has the opportunity to share what’s on their mind in a safe environment. It's a great way to unwind at the end of the week!
```
